
Here is a partial list of things that could be done to RTWho. This list is in no particular
order.

+ The columns on the display don't make much sense---especially now that the program is more
generic about the kinds of systems it can scan. New columns should be defined. (It would be cool
if the program allowed the user to specify which columns to display from a list of
possibilities)

+ It should be possible to sort the columns.

+ It would be cool if the user could "filter" the display by showing users meeting certain
conditions, etc. The ability to search the list would be desirable and could be considered a
simple kind of filtering.

+ The program should track login times and time logged in. For people that are already logged in
when the program starts, the program can just display a '?' for this information.

+ The ability to store information (in a file) about who logs in when and where might be useful.
One could run the program overnight and then see who was on the system at strange hours.

+ Privacy issues should be addressed.

+ The old RTWho program (the DOS version from yesteryear) bolded users when they first logged in
and greyed them out when they logged out. It would be nice to recover that feature.

+ BUG: I don't think the alert feature works (it is supposed to alert the user when a particular
person logs in). It should be fixed.

+ BUG: The initial connections to rtwhod are made when the WM_CREATE message is being processed.
At that time there is no window on the screen. If the connections time out there is a long delay
when nothing appears to be happening. Users will assume the program did not start.

+ BUG: The icon for the program is ugly and should be fixed/enhanced.

+ Additional "modules" could be created. For example one could image an RTWho server that
watches our Jabber server or that watches a specific IRC channel. The RTWho client could consult
these other servers as it does rtwhod for Unix systems, allowing RTWho to watch all sorts of
interesting things. Many possibilities exist.

+ Support for scanning a Windows domain should be added (this is when the program will get
really interesting. It's much more fun to watch RTWho when there are a couple of hundred users
listed).

+ The old RTWho attempted to show the location of each logged in user. It would be nice to
recover that functionality to whatever degree is feasible.

+ The program should be streamlined so that it will work (could be configured to work) on other
networks besides our own. That would make RTWho interesting to other communities besides VTC.
This ability should be a consequence of making RTWho more configurable.

+ Documentation for the program should be written. It could use a working 'Help' menu item.

+ The communication between rtwhod and the RTWho client should probably be enhanced and
documented.

+ A proper installer should be created. This is a must before the program can be used by non
developers (who might not have the right DLLs available)

